Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1021.1.2 (#3105)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1021-2-1-display-asset-model-label-instead-of-key-in-asset-model-column-on-assets-page.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Asset Model column displays label instead of key after page refresh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset Model column displays label instead of key after page refresh"
```

> title: "Asset Model column displays label instead of key after page refresh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset model column displays label instead of key after page refresh"
```

> title: "Display Asset Model label Instead of key in Asset Model column on Assets Page"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Fixed Asset Model column display to show label Instead of key after page refresh"
```

> title: "Fixed Asset Model column display to show label Instead of key after page refresh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Asset Model column displays label instead of key after page refresh"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1784"
version: "1021.2.1"
---

> Previously, the Asset Model column on the Assets page would display the asset model key upon refresh. This has been updated to correctly display the label of the asset model instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, upon page refresh, the Asset Model column on the Assets page displayed the asset model key instead of the label. This issue has been fixed, ensuring that the column consistently displays the correct asset model labels, providing a more consistent user experience
```

> Previously, upon page refresh, the Asset Model column on the **Assets** page displayed the asset model key instead of the label. This issue has been fixed, ensuring that the column consistently displays the correct asset model labels, providing a more consistent user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, upon page refresh, the Asset model column on the **Assets** page displayed the asset model key instead of the label. This issue has been fixed, ensuring that the column consistently displays the correct asset model labels, providing a more consistent user experience.
```

> Previously, upon page refresh, the Asset Model column on the Assets page displayed the asset model key instead of the label. This issue has been fixed, ensuring that the column consistently displays the correct asset model labels, providing a more consistent user experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, upon page refresh, the Asset Model column on the **Assets** page displayed the asset model key instead of the label. This issue has been fixed, ensuring that the column consistently displays the correct asset model labels, providing a more consistent user experience.
```
